Menelaus and Ulysses were the leaders, but I was in command also, for the other two would have it so. "I am by birth a Cretan; my father was a well to do man, who had many sons born in marriage, whereas I was the son of a slave whom he had purchased for a concubine; nevertheless, my father Castor son of Hylax( whose lineage I claim, and who was held in the highest honour among the Cretans for his wealth, prosperity, and the valour of his sons) put me on the same level with my brothers who had been born in wedlock. This were well," she cried," O lord of the silver bow, if you would give like honour to Hector and to Achilles; but Hector was mortal and suckled at a woman 's breast, whereas Achilles is the offspring of a goddess whom I myself reared and brought up. "The man is no fool," answered Penelope," it would very likely be as he says, for there are no such abominable people in the whole world as these men are." He said that his family came from Ithaca and that his father was Laertes, son of Arceisius. "Queen Penelope," answered Eurymachus," we do not suppose that this man will take you away with him; it is impossible; but we are afraid lest some of the baser sort, men or women among the Achaeans, should go gossiping about and say,' These suitors are a feeble folk; they are paying court to the wife of a brave man whose bow not one of them was able to string, and yet a beggarly tramp who came to the house strung it at once and sent an arrow through the iron.' If Ulysses is the man he then was these suitors will have a short shrift and a sorry wedding. Both were of the same race and country, but Jove was elder born and knew more, therefore Neptune feared to defend the Argives openly, but in the likeness of man, he kept on encouraging them throughout their host. Nay, sir, stand in fight with me yourself, that you may learn what manner of Jovebegotten man am I that have come hither. The Trojans are a weakkneed people, or ere this you would have had a shirt of stones for the wrongs you have done them." We Achaeans are excellent soldiers, but the scourge of Jove has fallen heavily upon us. Man is the vainest of all creatures that have their being upon earth. Their father was a rich man who lived in the strong city of Phere and was descended from the river Alpheus, whose broad stream flows through the land of the Pylians. I have long seen you killing my sheep and making free with my corn and wine: I have put up with this, for one man is no match for many, but do me no further violence. 